# Articles
FEW wars in modern history produced national myths more durable than the  
Napoleonic wars in Europe. The battles of Waterloo and Borodino, at the dawn of  
European nationalism, are part of British and Russian culture. In Russia's case,  
the impact is amplified by Leo Tolstoy's "War and Peace", which portrays the  
campaign as a true people's war that owed its success to the elemental patriotism  
of the Russian nation and the wisdom and intuition of Mikhail Kutuzov, its great  
general. Tolstoy, writes Dominic Lieven, was not only a wonderful novelist. He was  
also the mythmaker who shaped the perception of Russia's role for years to come.  
Like any other country Russia prides itself on its military victories. In Mr  
Lieven's view, the strange thing about Tolstoy's version of history is not that it  
exaggerates Russia's role in that era but that it plays it down. Tolstoy ends his  
novel's war narrative in December 1812 with the remnants of the French army  
forced to retreat across the Russian border. Russia's subsequent two-year-long  
campaign in the heart of Europe, which included the battle of Leipzig and ended in  
Paris, was of little interest to Tolstoy whose concern was national consciousness  
not imperial glory.  
But it is of great interest to Mr Lieven, one of the ablest historians of imperial  
Russia. He dedicates half of "Russia Against Napoleon" (which was published this  
week in America though it came out in Britain a few months ago) to those events.  
Conducted outside Russia's borders by commanders with distinctly foreign names,  
the 1813-14 campaign does not fit with national mythology. But it demonstrates  
the strength of Russia's multi-ethnic empire and the depth of its integration in  
European affairs and security.  
As he pursued his empire's geopolitical interests, Alexander I managed to rally  
support from Prussia and Austria, presenting Russia's invasion of Europe as  
liberation. In creating this favourable impression of the campaign, the tsar was  
helped not only by propaganda but by the remarkably disciplined behaviour of his  
troops who neither stole nor marauded as they advanced through Europe.  
The central point made by Mr Lieven's witty and impeccably scholarly book is  
that Russia owed its victory not to the courage of its national spirit or to the  
coldness of the 1812 winter, as some French sources have argued, but to its  
military excellence, superior cavalry, the high standards of Russia's diplomatic  
and intelligence services and the quality of its European elite. Thanks to the  
intelligence he obtained, Alexander was able to outwit Napoleon, anticipating his  
1nvas10n.  
Napoleon's intention was not to occupy Russia or overthrow Alexander by  
stirring a domestic revolt against him. He was counting on his superior force and  
his own military genius to destroy the Russian army swiftly and force the tsar to

accept his peace terms . Alexander's intention, on the other hand, was to destroy  
Napoleon and break his Grand Army . Barclay de Tolly, his war minister,  
devised and implemented the strategy of drawing Napoleon deep inside Russia,  
away from his supply base, exhausting his army by defensive war and then  
attacking.  
Mr Lieven is no less gripping when he writes about the crucial issue of logistics.  
Vast financial and diplomatic resources were mobilised to feed the Russian  
soldiers and their horses thousands of kilometres from Russia's borders. He zooms  
in and out of battlefields, examines the quality of uniforms and the conditions of  
weapons, creating an historic canvas that is both overwhelming and meticulous.  
The irony is that although Mr Lieven contests Tolstoy's artistic version of  
history, his book also revels in it, as its subtitle suggests. After all, at least in the  
first part of the book, he is writing about people and events brought to life by  
Tolstoy's genius. He even has a personal connection to the story. An ancestor of his  
was Christoph von Lieven, a bright young general in Alexander's entourage.  
Christoph's mother was confidante and friend to Empress Marie, Alexander's  
mother, and a prototype for Tolstoy's Anna Scherer whose St Petersburg soir如  
opens the novel.  
Although Mr Lieven does not popularise history, he inevitably touches the  
nerve points of modern power politics. His book is a timely reminder of Russia's  
deep-rooted interest in European security and its past ability to pursue these  
interests with grace, honour, discipline and professionalism - virtues that are  
harder to reconstruct than any battle