Criticism of Big Tech is [[ intensifying]]. At [[Congress]] ional hearings last week, politicians from across the party line gave a rough ride to executives of some of the world’s most valuable companies. Amid the [[hubbub]], the [[【多义词，偶尔忘】resignation]] of Google's Meredith Whittaker was less noticed, but still significant. Ms Whittaker, a Google artificial intelligence researcher, was a leader of [[【常见】protests]] inside the company last year. In an internal note to [[fellow]] employees, she warned that developers have a“short window in which to act" to stop increasingly dangerous uses of artificial intelligence.

Ms Whittaker's resignation reflects a growing tendency for tech companies' own staff to try to [[serve as]] the [[【易混淆mortal】moral]] compass and [[【易混conscious，易忘】conscience]] of their businesses. In companies whose value relies so much on human and intellectual capital—and in being able to attract the sharpest minds—employees have considerable potential [[sway]], especially [[【易忘】collectively]].

The Google Walkouts of which Ms Whittaker was a leader began [[in response to]] the search group's treatment of sexual harassment [[【易混】complaints]]. They [[snowballed]] to [[encompass]] [[broader]] issues around the company's technologies. Ms Whittaker's decision now to resign [[suggests]] many Big Tech companies are still not doing enough to [[attend to]] employees’ concerns over [[corporate]] culture. Yet [[responding to]] internal calls to action should be an obvious choice. Threats of strikes or resignations by the talented staff who build systems risk undermining technology companies’ competitiveness. Employee action can act to strengthen [[measures]] by regulators who are increasingly [[proactive]] in dealing with the [[excesses]] of Big Tech.

The rise of collective action for social good is encouraging. Traditional labour focuses—such as workers’ rights around pay and hours—remain important in a [[sector]] which still also makes heavy use of cheap and poorly-skilled workers. Attempts to pressure companies into [[behaving]] ethically have more often been driven by single employees. [[Avenues]] are needed to ensure that workers can discuss potentially [[unethical]] practices without risking revenge.

Ms Whittaker's [[proposal]] for [[unionisation]] is part of a broader [[chorus]] demanding greater employee oversight. Alphabet, Google's parent, has already faced calls from union-sponsored [[pension]] funds to add a non-[[executive]] employee [[representative]] to its board. While not successful this year, the move showed that stakeholders such as investors are [[pressing for]] culture change within Big Tech companies.

Workers outside the tech [[sector]], too, are forcing companies to [[grapple with]] international problems A global climate strike is planned for September, encouraging workers to join the thousands of school students who have protested over the past year. In the advertising industry, workers at over 20 agencies refused to work on fossil fuel [[briefs in]] [[solidarity]], inspired by the [[Extinction]] [[rebel]]lion protests. Big Tech, facing ever more criticism, should see the message is clear. To [[regain]] trust, it will have to [[engage]] not just with regulators, but with its own employees and stakeholders.[ 465 words]

