The commodification of outrage has become a business model. Surveys routinely show that consumers will patronize firms based not on the products they produce but the“social or political issues" they [[【多义词】embrace]]. People want to [[wear]] their [[【多义词，难理解】politics]] on their [[sleeves]]. The [[【易忘，常见】controversies]] around which brands organize their [[outrage]] campaigns are, however, often imaginary.

“I think a lot of people in today's day and age want to know,‘What are we supposed to be outraged about,"" said a former employee of the anger-fueling Millennial media company Mic. Com. The site specialized in [[【易忘，常见】controversies]] you didn't even know you should be mad about. It [[【多义词,易忘】advised]] its readers that they should be outraged over the sexism [[【常见】evident]] in the BBC's description of one of its [[【多义词】anchors]] as a “mother of three”.

The media [[【常见,多义词】landscape]] has [[【多义词】adapted]] Mic. Com’s model of [[【多义词】capitalizing]] on outrage, whether it exists or not. On Tuesday, Yahoo News revealed that [[simmering]] rage was building toward an actor for wearing a ““white [[supremacist]]’ T-shirt”. The shirt was, in fact, an [[adaptation]] of the Gadsden Flag, which symbolizes American independence and freedom, and Yahoo managed to find only six Twitter users, none of whom were [[【易忘】verified]], expressing anger toward an image with a history they didn't understand. But the [[controversy]] wasn't the point; the point was the [[engagement]] that the article generated.

This is not to say that [[【易混manuscript,多义词】manufactured]] outrage campaigns are [[【常见】futile]] exercises. They often claim [[scalps]].For example, ten tweets signaled the start of a massive cultural [[backlash]] against a British retailer's gender-specific [[【易混mud，多义词】mugs]], and then the retailer bowed and apologized. However, the evidence that the outrage itself ever approaches something [[【易混assemble,易忘】resembling]] a critical mass of public opinion is [[【常见的】exceedingly]] thin A Wall Street Journal investigation into the effects of social-media outrage on a variety of [[major]] consumer brands suggests that the preferred approach—“acknowledge, apologize, and investigate"一 may be [[【易混excedinglf】excessive]].“For all the noise, mass-market brands rarely see outrage turn into lasting [[【易忘】reputational]] damage or decreases in sales," the journal noted. Just the opposite; the outrage itself is often [[【易忘】illusory]], but the engagement the [[【易混precise】perception]] of outrage generates is quite real and monetizable.

There is a [[thriving]] marketplace for outrage. It has arisen in response to popular demand despite its obvious harms to psychological and social health. Firms that [[【多义词】cater]] to it experience [[【常见】monetary]] [[【常见】rewards]]. The people who [[engage]] in it experience the [[thrill]] of [[performative]] anger and a sense of [[efficacy]]. But [[【常见，易忘】indignation]] is an addictive product, and getting hooked carries measurable health risks. That is the [[【易混，易忘】inherent]] [[【易忘,易混iconic】irony]] of any habit-forming product. Producer and consumer alike enjoy the benefits of participation in the outrage economy, even if it's making everyone [[miserable]] in the process.



