## 单词
Bulky
Adj. 粗壮的
- _Jason is a bulky man._

bloodshot
adj. 眼睛充血的
- _My eyes are really bloodshot from staying up late._

pant
V.大口喘气
- _Louisa banged the door shut and leaned against it, panting._

bulging
Adj. 鼓起的
- _James controls his anger which is starting to show through in the bulging veins._

spurt
v.喷出
- _Blood spurted from the wound._

fawn
Adj.鹿毛色


motionless
Adj. 一动不动的
- _She lay on the hospital bed motionless._


shrill
Adj. 尖锐的
- _His shrill voice pierced the evening sky._

stun
V.让人吃惊
- _When Susan went out to jog, she was stunned by the cold._

snatch
V.抢走
- _He leaned over his desk to snatch the photo from his chief._

harrowing
Adj. 令人痛苦的
- _Surviving passengers told harrowing stories of their experience trying to get off the ship._

see off
为...... 送行
to go somewhere such as a station or airport with someone in order to say goodbye to them

put an end to sth
使某事结束
- _We want to put an end to discrimination._

## Excercise 1
They had to climb up into the train, and as his wife was so bulky, the husband had to **hoist** her in. The poor woman was exhausted because of the physical effort of climbing into the train. The man tried to **console** his wife for the *departure* of their only son to the front, but she was too **distressed**. The travellers felt uncomfortable about the fat man's passionate belief in the feelings of their children. One of the travellers **ventured** that their children belong to the country. The fat man disagreed, and **retorted** angrily that their children's love of the country is greater than their love for the parents. His emotions had overcome him, and he had to snatch a handkerchief quickly from his pocket. The man became very upset and was unable to continue his story. His face became **distorted** as he sobbed at the loss of his only son. The others watched the man begin to cry.

**Hoist**
***V.举起，抬起***
A helicopter **hoisted** the final section of the bridge into place.

**Console**
***V.安慰、安抚***
He tried to **console** her, but she kept saying it was all her own fault.

**departure**
***N.离开***
There are several **departures** (= buses, trains, or aircraft leaving) for Paris every day.
***N.偏离***
There can be no **departure** from the rules.

**distress**
***N.忧虑***
Many of the horses were showing signs of **distress** at the end of the race.
***N.受苦，遇难***
Six people were rescued by helicopter from a fishing boat in **distress** off the coast.

**ventured**
***N.企业，投机活动***
She advised us to look abroad for more lucrative business **ventures**.

**retorted**
***V.回嘴***
That doesn't concern you!" she **retorted**.

**distorted**
***adj. 扭曲的***
The music just gets **distorted** when you play it so loud.



## Excercise 2
**Bulky**
***Adj. 庞大的***
**bulky** equipment

**Mourining**
***N.默哀，哀悼***
He was in **mourning** for his wife.

**Vitality**
***N.生命力***
According to the packet, these vitamin pills will restore lost **vitality**.

**Livid**
***adj. 狂怒地***
He was **livid** when he found out.
***Adj. 暗紫色的***
He had a long, **livid** scar across his cheek.

**Watery**
***adj.含水的***
**watery** eyes
***Adj.味道淡的***
**watery** soup/coffee
***Adj.苍白无力的***
The sun shed its thin **watery** light over the sea.

**Rise up**
V.上升
V.反抗

**Harrowing**
***Adj. 折磨人的***
For many women, the **harrowing** prospect of giving evidence in a rape case can be too much to bear.


## Exercise 3
**1.** As war was announced, there was **considerable confusion**
 when people were told to leave their homes.

Considerable
Adj. 相当多的

**Confusion**
***N.困惑***
There seems to be some **confusion** over who is actually giving the talk.

**2.** To **add to** the **confusion**, many people had no idea where they should go.
**Add to**
***V.增强，加强***
This latest incident will **add to** the pressure on the government

**3.** The **angry response** from the other man suggested that the matter was more serious than the others believed.

愤怒的反应

**4.** The findings **evoked responses** which exceeded the researchers' expectations.

引发反应

**5.** People who show empathy have a(n) **distinct advantage** in their emotional lives over those who repress their feelings.

明显的优势

**6.** To his surprise, his appeal to the government drew a(n) **direct response** from a minister.

直接反应

**7.** I can't say why, but I had the **distinct impression** that he was not telling the truth.

明显的压抑

**8.** He finds it hard to say where he is, so travelling just **adds to** his **confusion**

## Excercise 4
The school management encourages _parental_ involvement in the running of the school. D（学校鼓励家长参与学校的管理）
  A. **principal**
***Adj. 最重要的***
Iraq's **principal** export is oil.

***N.院长***

***N.本金***

  **B. identical**
  ***Adj. 完全相同的***
  I've got three **identical** blue suits.

  **C. crucial**
***Adj. 至关重要的***
a **crucial** decision/question

  **D. parental**
  ***Adj. 父母的***
  The government repeatedly stressed its support for **parental** choice in the selection of a child's school.


**2)**

Debbie is very **Sympathetic** to the plight of homeless people and always gets very emotional when she sees them on the street. 

  **A. sympathetic**
***Adj. 有同情心的***
He suffers from back trouble too, so he was very **sympathetic** about my problem.
  **B. subjective**
***Adj. 主观的***
I think my husband is the most handsome man in the world, but I realize my judgment is rather **subjective**.
  **C. indifferent**
***adj. 冷漠的***
Why don't you vote - how can you be so **indifferent** (to what is going on)?
  **D. objective**
 ***Adj. 客观的***
 I can't really be **objective** when I'm judging my daughter's work.

**3)**

Certain types of birds often develop the skill of **mimicry** and sound like they can speak. B

  **A. personification**
  ***N.拟人化，人格化***
  Nemesis, in Greek mythology, is the **personification** of divine justice and the vengeance of the gods.

  **B. mimicry**
  ***N.模仿别人的行为***
  His exquisite **mimicry** had me almost crying with laughter.

  **C. demonstration**
  ***N.示范***
  Let me give you a **demonstration** of how the camera works.

  **D. performance**
  ***N.工作情况***
  He was an experienced player who was always seeking to improve his **performance**.

**4)**

As babies develop, they need to learn to **crawl** before they can walk. B

  **A. slide**
***V.滑动***
When I was little I used to like **sliding** on the polished floor in my socks.
***V.下滑***
Car exports **slid** by 40 percent this year.


**B. crawl**
V.爬行
The child crawled across the floor.
v.巴结，讨好
 don't like people who crawl.

  C. swim

  D. climb

**5)**

When he was a child, Tony lost all vision in his right eye, so he has **empathy** for the difficulties faced by blind people. 

  A. emotion

  B. sympathy

  **C. apathy**
  ***N.懈怠，无兴趣，漠不关心***
widespread **apathy** among students
  **D. empathy**
***N.同情***


empathy 与 sympathy 区别这两个单词都是名词，都有“同情”的意思。但是，sympathy是你听了对方的话，对对方产生了同情，你就会用言语安慰他，但是过几天你还是该做什么就做什么，对于这件事可能并不放在心上。empathy是能体会对方的痛苦，你同情他，你能和对方产生**共鸣**。
**6)**

Kindergarten teachers often have to reprimand their students for misbehavior 

**reprimand**
***V.训斥***
She was **reprimanded** by her teacher for biting another girl.


  A. misery

  B. misbehavior

  C. mimicry

  D. misunderstanding



**7)**

Often they cry, and I have to play the role of a mother, **consoling** them. 

  **A. disciplining**
  ***N.训导，训练***
  I don't have enough (self) **discipline** to save money.
  ***n.控制能力***
  Maintaining classroom **discipline** (= control of the students) is the first task of every teacher.
  ***V.惩罚***
  A senior army officer has been **disciplined** for revealing secret government plans to the media.
  ***V.训练***
    I'm trying to **discipline** myself to eat less chocolate.

  **B. contracting**
  ***V.收缩***
  In spoken English, "do not" often **contracts** to "don't".
  ***V.确立合约***

  **C. stroking**
  ***V.轻抚***
  **Stroke** the dog if you want, he won't bite.
  ***V.击球***
  The batsman **stroked** the ball effortlessly to the boundary.

  **D. consoling**
  ***V.安慰***
  He tried to **console** her, but she kept saying it was all her own fault.



**8)**

Babies usually cry when they feel **distressed** because they have no other way to express themselves. D

  A. discouraged

  B. distinguished

  C. dishonest

  D. distressed


**9)**

Everyone knows different cultures have different ways of **disciplining** their children. 

  A. disciplining

  B. sympathizing

  C. obeying

  D. authorizing


**10)**

It is **probable** that she might change her mind at the last minute. 

  A. accessible

  B. available

  C. probable

  D. inevitable



**11)**

Thomas has no **sensitivity** to the feelings of others — he always makes very negative and offensive comments. C

  A. **sensibility**
***N.鉴赏力***
	The author has applied a modern **sensibility** (= way of understanding things) to the social ideals of an earlier age.

  B. **sensation**
  ***n.感觉***
  I had no **sensation** of pain whatsoever.

  **C. sensitivity**
  ***N.体贴***
  The police showed commendable **sensitivity** in their handling of the case.
  

  **D. sense**
  ***N.官能，总体感受***
  With her excellent **sense** of smell, she could tell if you were a smoker from the other side of the room.



**12)**

There is nothing like a long walk to **arouse** the appetite. 

  A. digest

  B. engage

  C. absorb

  D. arouse



**13)**

He reached out and **stroked** her hair tenderly. 

  A. massaged

  B. stroked

  C. scratched

  D. wiped



**14)**

Brian felt incredible pressure and made a **hasty** decision, which ultimately turned out to be a big mistake. A

  A. hasty

  B. speedy

  C. swift

  D. rapid



**15)**

He decided to **devote** the rest of his life to scientific investigation. 

  A. allocate

  B. explore

  C. submit

  D. devote



**16)**

My brother was **keenly** interested in taking that psychology class at school. A

  A. keenly

  B. eagerly

  C. impatiently

  D. excitedly



**17)**

He **ventured** that plants draw part of their nourishment from the air. D

  A. compared

  B. exaggerated

  C. inquired

  **D. ventured**
  ***V.冒险去做***



**18)**

Her little sister is still just a(n) **infant**  she turns six months next week. 

  A. doll

  B. adolescent

  C. toddler

  D. infant



**19)**

Children love to **imitate** the actions they see in others, so be careful what you do! 

  A. imitate

  B. irritate

  C. implicate

  D. instigate



**20)**

The photographs **evoked** strong memories of our holidays in France. A

  A. evoked

  B. damaged

  C. impaired

  D. imitated

**21)**

I would never **dream of** asking you to make such a sacrifice.

Dream of
V.幻想

**22)**

We shall certainly not **resign ourselves  to** foreign control.

resigned oneself to
v.让某人接受

**23)**

It was important for the child to **calm down** so the doctor could administer the flu shot.

Calm down
N.冷静下来

**24)**

Her parents did not **approve of** her decision and, if she failed, her mother would say, "I told you so."

Approve of
v.支持

**25)**

All the issues we're facing today **stem from** the President's decision last year.

Stem from
V.由..... 造成

**26)**

No government shall **take away** the rights of the native people.

take away
V.拿走，移走
V.减去
V.取外卖


**27)**

Every time I try to get close and understand Catherine's problems, she **pulls away**.

Pull away
V.驶离，开出

V.闪避


**28)**

Alfredo received all the praise and congratulations, **as though** he had won the contest.

As though
N.尽管

**29)**

The police have several suspects **in the case of** five murders committed in Gainesville, Florida.

**in the case of**
Adj. 在.... 的情况下

**30)**

The middle-aged lady **described the robbers in great detail** to the police.

.**in detail**
Adv.仔细地