## 单词
mishap
N.小错误
- _Hundreds of children end up in hospital after some preventable mishap._


notion
N.概念- 
_I haven't the faintest notion what you're talking about._

spectrum
N.范围，幅度
- _The course covers a wide spectrum of musical activity from opera to rock._

timescale
N.时间段
- _He gave no timescale for these steps._

prophecy
N.预言

Cluster
V.聚集
- _She spotted Luke in a group clustered around the entrance._

ordnance
N.军械

Awkwardly
Adv. 别扭的，尴尬的


duplicate
v.重复
- _We hope to duplicate the success of last year's auction._

verifiable
Adj. 可证实的
- _This is not a romantic notion but verifiable fact._



**1.** The car behind didn't slow down in time and **hit** our car.

Answer：bumped
V.碰，撞
She bumped into his tray, knocking the food onto his lap.

**2.** Our math teacher's lesson **included part of** yesterday's lecture.

Answer: overlapped
V.与..... 交叠
The fence is made of panels that overlap
V.有共同之处
My musical tastes don't overlap with my brother's at all.


**3.** You'll find the statistics department in the building **next** to this one.

Answer: adjacent
Adj. 邻近的
They work in adjacent buildings.

**4.** It often happens that your destination is **located** on the fold of the map.

Answer: situated
V.位于...... 的
The school is situated near the park.

**5.** Why do certain groups of letters **stay close** together in this language?

Answer: cluster
N.丛、串、束、群
Have a look at the cluster of galaxies in this photograph.

**6.** The office will be closed for the **whole period** of the Christmas holidays.

Answer:duration
N.持续时间
He planned a stay of two years' duration.


Scrutiny
V.仔细审查，细看
The government's record will be subjected to/come under (close) scrutiny in the weeks before the election.

Marginally
Adj. 微笑的，少量的
The report suggests that there has only been a marginal improvement in women's pay over the past few years.

N.边缘选区
The marginal Tory constituency was held by 2,200 votes.

Alive
Adj. 活着的，在世的
He must be 90 if he's still alive.

Kick
V.踢，踹
She felt the baby kicking inside her.
N.极大的乐趣
I get a real kick out of winning a race.
N.刺激性
Watch out for the fruit punch, it has a real kick.

Reminder
N.通知单
If he forgot to pay his rent, his landlady would send him a reminder.
N.让人产生回忆的东西
Patricia's story is a reminder of how vulnerable women can be in what is still essentially a man's world.

Redundant
Adj. 多余的
In the sentence "She is a single unmarried woman", the word "unmarried" is redundant.
Adj. 失业的，被解雇的
To keep the company alive, half the workforce is being made redundant.

Crops up
V.突然冒出，突然出现
Her name keeps cropping up in conversation.

Consecutive
Adj. 连续的，不间断的
This is the fifth consecutive weekend that I've spent working.

Exertion
N.尽力，努力，费力
I get out of breath with any kind of physical exertion.
N.施加，运用
the exertion of influence over who was appointed to the job


Earth **rotates** on its axis every 24 hours.
V.旋转

His **reckless** driving accounted for the accident.
Adj. 鲁莽的
He was found guilty of reckless driving.


World War II ended when the United States dropped two **atomic** bombs on Japan.
Adj. 原子的
atomic structure/nuclei
adj. 原子能的
atomic energy/power


We would like to **extend** this capability to software systems and architectures.

V.扩大，扩展
We have plans to extend our house (= to make it bigger).
V.延长
The bar has recently extended its opening hours (= made them longer).
V.伸出
We've extended a clothesline (= made it reach) between two trees in the garden.

Even though we're always affected by gravity, we rarely notice it because it doesn't **exert** a great pressure on us.

V.施加，运用
If you were to exert your influence they might change their decision.
V.尽力
I was too tired to exert myself.

In February 1773 the Royal Society submitted a **response** to the king for an expedition towards the North Pole.

N.回答
Responses to our advertisement have been disappointing.
N.应答，唱和
The response to our advertisement has been somewhat disappointing.

I often wonder if we will ever make contact with **aliens** from another planet.

Adj. 外国的
an alien culture
Adj. 怪异的
When I first went to New York, it all felt very alien to me.

The **notion** of price competition is foreign to many schools.
N.观念，看法
The show's director rejects the notion that seeing violence on television has a harmful effect on children.


Many astronomers have made the **proposal** that wormholes are like "doorways" in space.
N.建议，计划，提案
Congress has rejected the latest economic proposal put forward by the President.
N.求婚
50 people voted against the new proposal.

Timmy wants to be a(n) **astronaut** when he grows up and travel to the Moon.

N.宇航员

In the 19th century waterpower was widely utilized to **generate** electricity.

V.造成，引起
Her latest film has generated a lot of interest/excitement.
V.生成
The wind farm may be able to generate enough electricity/power for 2,000 homes.

The **formula** to calculate the force of an object is its mass multiplied by its acceleration.

N.惯例，配方，处方
We have changed the formula of the washing powder.
N.公式，方程式
He developed a formula for calculating the area of a triangle.

Each and every **inhabitant** of Earth requires some form of energy sustenance to survive.
N.居民，栖居动物
a city of five million inhabitants


The result of the new policy has been a **giant** leap in productivity.

N.巨人


Every day of our lives we **encounter** stresses of one kind or another.

N.偶然相遇，邂逅，不期而遇
I had an alarming encounter with a wild pig.
V.遇到（experience）
When did you first encounter these difficulties?

It appeared that a pretty **depressing** summer awaited Jones, which made her very sad.

V.使... 沮丧
Doesn't it depress you listening to the news these days?
V.按下
Slowly depress the accelerator/brake pedal.

Military doctors were just learning how the **explosions** could cause traumatic brain injury.

N.爆炸
The fire was thought to have been caused by a gas explosion.
N.急剧增大
The government has had to take measures to halt the population explosion.

Earth **revolves** around the Sun.
V.旋转
The earth revolves around the sun.

Feeling angry, they began to **curse** and shout in different languages.
V.咒骂，诅咒
We could hear him cursing and swearing as he tried to get the door open.

Amazingly, there were two **simultaneous** asteroid impacts on Mars last year.
Adj. 同时的
There were several simultaneous explosions in different cities.

**21)**

Stephanie **passed** her chemistry exam **with** flying colors.

V.通过
You can pass with as few as 25 points.

**22)**

We are discussing the problems that have recently **cropped up**.

V.突然冒出
Her name keeps cropping up in conversation.


**23)**

The six astronauts **on board** will spend ten days in space.

Prep. 在船上


**24)**

What's to **prevent Greg from** coming to the same conclusion as you have?

∨ 展开答案

**25)**

As a physicist, one of the first things you learn is to **learn from** your mistakes.

∨ 展开答案

**26)**

Shuttles can fly very fast, but they need to **speed up** even more to leave the atmosphere.

∨ 展开答案

**27)**

There **are bound to** be problems with something so new.

B.有义务去做

**28)**

Waitresses are very friendly to me, which makes us feel **at home**.

∨ 展开答案

**29)**

They didn't have to do anything except **sit back** and enjoy life.

∨ 展开答案

**30)**

They traveled all the way to that town to **soak up** the atmosphere of holidays.

V.吸掉
I tried to soak up most of the spilled milk with a dishcloth.
V.尽情享受
I love to lie on the beach and soak up the sun.
V.吸收信息
Given the right environment, children are like sponges and will soak up information.
V.用光
The repairs on our house soaked up all our savings.