**1.** Hiroshima is **renowned** as the first city to be bombed by a nuclear device.
Adj. 著名的
The region is renowned for its outstanding natural beauty.

**2.** The more often the audience bowed to the mayor in agreement, the more **agitate** they appeared.

V.使焦虑
I didn't want to agitate her by telling her.
V.煽动，鼓动，大声疾呼
The unions continue to agitate for higher pay.
V.摇动，搅动
Pour the powder into the solution and agitate it until the powder has dissolved.

**3.** The audience **murmured** their agreement with the mayor's words.

V.低声说
He was murmuring to himself.

**4.** When one is in an unfamiliar **inhibited** situation, it's common to feel  about what to do.

Adj. 拘谨的
The presence of strangers made her feel inhibited.

**5.** His surprise at the mayor's speech **jolted** him **out** of his sadness.

V.震动
The train stopped unexpectedly and we were jolted forwards.
	jolt out 使.... 收到震惊
	The news about Sam's illness jolted her into action.


**6.** Some victims have committed **suicide** to avoid humiliation to their families.
V.自杀
**7.** Many consider that the dropping of the atomic bomb was the greatest crime against **humanity**

N.人类，人
The massacre was a crime against humanity.
N.仁慈
If only he would show/display a little humanity for once.
N.人性
There is a sense of common humanity that unites people of all nations.

**1.** In Japan it's common for people to bow in **agreement** with someone speaking.

N.意见一致；同意；应允
The whole family was in agreement with her about/on what they should do.

N.协议，协定
The dispute was settled by an agreement that satisfied both sides.

N.语法上的一致

**Assent**

**2.** A monument was **built** at the point of the bomb's impact in Hiroshima.

Answer: **erect**
V.建造
The war memorial was erected in 1950.
V.使竖立
They erected a marquee to accommodate 500 wedding guests.
Adj. 直的，昂首挺胸
He's very tall and erect for his 78 years.

**3.** The ward for victims of the bomb was **positioned** on the third floor.

Answer: **located**
V.位于，坐落在
Our office is located in midtown Manhattan.

**4.** Hospitals always make me **shake slightly** with fear.

Answer: **shiver**
V.轻微颤抖，发抖
He shivered with cold in his thin cotton shirt.

**5.** Some people wish to erase the bad memories by **pulling down** the monument and the museum.

Answer:**demolishing**
V.拆除，拆毁
A number of houses were demolished so that the supermarket could be built.


1. While the mayor was speaking, the journalist **backed away From** the main audience.

V.后退，退缩
She saw that he had a gun and backed away.
V.不再支持
The government has backed away from plans to increase taxes.

2. The mayor's speech **consisted of**
 A description of Hiroshima's world-famous oysters.

V.由...... 组成
The team consists of four Europeans and two Americans.

3. He'd prepared some notes **in advance**
 Which he planned to ask people at the reception.

n.事先，提前
If you're going to come, please let me know in advance.

4. It took time for the meaning of his words to **sink in**
.
V.逐渐被完全理解
How many times do I have to tell you something before it sinks in?


5. People who **live through**
 The atomic bomb no longer wanted to talk about it.

V.经历
He could never know the pain and fear this child had lived through.

6. The mayor represents the city **on part of** All its inhabitants.

由某人所作，由某人所经历
This was a misjudgment on the part of the government.

Nazi concentration camps, like the one Anne Frank died in, were one of the great **evils** Of the last century. They provide a terrible example of the **cruelty**  Of one group of people towards another. Even before the war began, the Nazis had begun their campaign against the Jews, forcing many of them to **emigrate**  To America or to other countries in Europe, where they began a new life as **refugees**. When the German army invaded countries like Poland and Holland things got worse for the Jews. They were made to wear **badges**
Showing that they were Jewish, and **confined** To the small areas of the town where they lived. For many of them, like the Franks, it was a time of great hardship and poverty with hardly enough to eat. But the worst was still to come. The fate of more than six million European Jews was to experience the horrors of the Nazi concentration camps. There were very few **survivors**

Anne was like many other teenagers her age, happy or sad for no reason **moody**
 One day and the next day sensible and grown up. But she was also a writer of great **considerable**
 Talent. Although she lived the last few years of her short life hidden **concealed**
 In a couple of small rooms in a flat in Amsterdam, she never gave up hope. Her optimism shines through the pages of her diary. Its production as a book **publication**
 A few years after her death in Bergen-Belsen was thanks to her father, Otto Frank. It gave her immediate respect and admiration **recognition**
 As a writer. The diary was not considered typical of a child **childish**
, but showed **displayed**
 Anne's clear ideas about what is good and right **ideals**
 And a strong belief in the goodness of humanity. 


evil
Adj. 邪恶的
These people are just evil.
N.邪恶之事
Each new leader would blame his predecessor for all the evils of the past.

cruelty
N.残忍，残酷
The farmer was accused of cruelty to animals.

emigrate
V.移民，移居外国
Millions of Germans emigrated from Europe to America in the 19th century.

refugee
N.难民
Thousands of refugees fled across the border.

badges
N.徽章，像章
Everyone at the conference wore a badge with their name on.

confine
V.限制，把..... 局限在
Please confine your use of the phone to business calls.

Survivors
N.生还者，幸存者
He was the sole (= only) survivor of the plane crash.

moody
Adj. 心情多变的，喜怒无常的
a moody teenager
Adj. 神秘的
The film has a moody jazz score.

considerable
Adj. 相当多的

concealed
V.隐藏，隐蔽
The listening device was concealed in a pen.

publication
N.发表，公布
The brochure will be ready for publication in September.

recognition
N.承认，认可，接受
It's a new country, hoping for diplomatic recognition from the international community.
N.赏识，表彰
He was presented with a gold watch in recognition of (= to show respect for) his years as club secretary.

childish
Adj. 孩子的，稚嫩的
childish handwriting
Adj. 幼稚的
He wasn't enjoying the occasion so he thought he'd spoil it for everyone else - it was very childish of him.

display
V.布置，排列，陈列
Family photographs were displayed on the wall.
V.显露
My grandfather disapproved of displaying emotion in public.
N.陈列品
There's an Egyptian art collection on display (= being shown) at the museum at the moment.
N.流露
There's never much (of a) display of affection between them.
N.显示
The display problems might be due to a shortage of disk space.

ideals
Adj. 完美的，理想的
She's the ideal person (= exactly the right type of person) for the job.
N.理想
We are committed to the ideal of equality.



transit 
V.运输，输送
It is possible to make an insurance claim for any goods lost or damaged in transit.
N.运货的车
He was seen driving a white Transit van near Leeds.

remakeble
Adj. 非凡的
Nelson Mandela was a truly remarkable man.


absurd 
Adj. 荒谬的
What an absurd thing to say!


impractical
Adj.无动手能力的
Adj. 不切实际的
It's impractical to have so many people all trying to use this equipment at the same time.
Adj. 不适用的
I love high heels but they're rather impractical.

Solitary
Adj.独自的
On the hill, a solitary figure was busy chopping down trees.
Adj. 独自坐的
solitary walks by the river


insight
N.洞察力
It was an interesting book, full of fascinating insights into human relationships.

In droves
N.迁徙中的畜群
Every summer droves of sightseers crowd the city.
V.驱赶牲口


Utterly
Adj. 完全的，极度的
What an utterly stupid thing to do!

Wilderness
N.荒野，荒无人烟的地区
a beautiful mountain wilderness

Uphold
V.支持，维护，赞成
As a police officer you are expected to uphold the law whether you agree with it or not.

Tranquility
N.平静
I love the tranquillity of the countryside.


It was reported that the guy who was sentenced to death yesterday committed a  **heinous** crime.

Adj. 极其恶劣的
a heinous crime

I felt that he didn't get the  **recognition** he deserved for his role in the peace treaty.

Recognition
N.承认
It's a new country, hoping for diplomatic recognition from the international community.

N.赏识
He was presented with a gold watch in recognition of (= to show respect for) his years as club secretary.

N.认出
When he returned to his home town after the war, he found it had changed out of all/beyond all recognition

The bill passed in Parliament has now received the Royal  **assent**.

N.同意，赞成
Once the directors have given their assent to the proposal we can begin.
V.同意
Have they assented to the terms of the contract?

All wars create a(n)  **considerable** amount of damage in the affected countries.

Adj. 相当大的


The atomic bomb has the ability to destroy  **humanity** if we're not careful.

N.人，人类
The massacre was a crime against humanity.
N.仁慈
If only he would show/display a little humanity for once.
N.人性
There is a sense of common humanity that unites people of all nations.

World War II began in 1939 when the German military  **invaded** Poland.

V.入侵，侵略
Concentrations of troops near the border look set to invade within the next few days.

The young man looked  **cautiously** around and then walked away from the small cottage.

adv. 持谨慎乐观态度地
He said he was cautiously optimistic, predicting some growth in the new year.


My grandfather never  **displayed** any emotion when he spoke of his experience during the war.

display
V.展示
V.显露


The delegation consists of composers and musicians of international  **renown**.

N.名誉，声望


"Can you please stop this  **childish** behavior for five minutes and act like an adult?" his mother demanded.

Adj. 优质的

If you  **conceal** the truth, your trial will be difficult; it's best to just honestly answer all questions.

V.隐秘，隐蔽

According to the latest information, John's family is  **agitating** to set him free.

v.使焦虑
V.煽动
V.搅动

Freedom of speech is the  **foundation** of a solid democracy.

N.创建，建立
N.基金会
N.小班

It is a fact that everyone has to go through some kind of sorrow of this  **earthly** life.

adj. 人间的，世俗的，尘世的
his earthly existence
Adj. 可能的
What earthly reason can she have for being so horrible to you?


The  **declaration** made by American colonists in 1776 ultimately led to their independence from Great Britain.

N.公告，宣告


Unfortunately, we don't live in a(n)  **ideal** world, so there will always be disagreements and conflict.

Adj. 理想的

A newly-published book has  **demolished** this theory proposed in 1960s.

V.拆毁
V.推翻


She was jolted out of her  **reverie** as the door of her bedroom opened suddenly.

N.幻想，梦想，白日梦
He was lost in reverie until he suddenly heard someone behind him.


Sadly, there was only one  **survivor** from the plane crash.

The crisis in that country is having an effect on neighbouring countries because  **refugees** are crossing the borders in huge numbers.

**21)**

The photochemical reactions **transformed the light into** electrical impulses.



**22)**

Children must be **supervised at** all times while in the park.

**23)**

As the Nazis' power grew, more and more Jewish people **went into** hiding.



**24)**

Captain White was awarded the Medal of Honor **in recognition of** his service to the nation.

**25)**

I was cleaning out the attic and I **came across** my grandparents' old letters to each other.




**26)**

It is the information that has **jolted him out of** his sad reverie.

**27)**

All of the clerks **are told to** confine their use of the telephone to business calls.

**28)**

He was presented with a gold watch **in praise of** his service in the company.

**29)**

According to the latest news, the refugees were crossing the border **in droves**.

N.成群结队

**30)**

Obviously, they have found out some results that **speak for themselves**.
.

