## 单词
trainspotting
N.记下火车号码

instance
N.例子
- _The study cites disturbing instances of water pollution in this neighbourhood._

involve
v.卷入，包含
- _The course involves a great deal of hard work._

reclining chair
N.躺椅


beanbag
N.豆袋椅

dedication
N.奉献，献身
- _The project has been a success, thanks to the dedication of all of our staff._

muffin
N.小松糕

## EXCERCISE
**1.** The amount of time you can concentrate on something is called your concentration **span**

**N.一段时间**
*He has a short attention/concentration span.*

**n.长度、宽度、跨度**
*huge wings with a span of over a metre*

**N.跨度**
*The bridge crosses the river in a single span.*

**V.（spin 的过去式）持续**
Her acting career *spanned* almost six decades.


**2.** You can get **addicted** to using the computer, and it can be harmful for you.

**Adj. 入迷的，上瘾的**
*By the age of 14 he was addicted to heroin.*

**3.** If you **chill**, you stop being angry or nervous, and relax.

**V.变冷，冷却**
*I've put the beer in the fridge to chill*.

**N.寒意，凉意**
*There was a chill in the air this morning.*

Adj. 寒冷的

Adj. 令人放松的，冷清的，从容地
We're a lot more chill about this than our parents were.

**4.** Human beings have **evolved** from apes into couch potatoes and are now **evolving** into mouse potatoes.

**V.逐步发展**
*Did humans evolve from apes?*


**5.** When you do a(n) **extensive** search, you spread it over a large area, and collect a lot of detail.

Adj. 大面积的，广阔的
Her knowledge of music is extensive 

**6.** Gaming is extremely **fashionable** at the moment, with people joining in all over the world.

Adj. 流行的，时髦的，时尚的
It's not fashionable to wear short skirts at the moment.


**7.** Sport usually **involves** a lot of physical activity, whereas watching television does not.

V.包含，包括
Research involving the use of biological warfare agents will be used for defensive purposes.

Accurate
Adj. 准确的，精确的，正确的

Dedication
N.奉献，贡献，献身
He has always shown great dedication to the cause.

Pointless
Adj. 无意义的，崆峒的
This is a pointless exercise.


Adventurous
Adj. 喜欢冒险的，大胆创新的
I'm trying to be more adventurous with my cooking.

**1.** For people who love their work, there's a(n) **inherent danger** that it will distract them from family commitments.


**2.** It's difficult for an employer to **enforce** the **police** of the 35 hour maximum working week.



**3.** Leaving the computer in the middle of a game **poses** the **threats** of someone **taking advantage** of your absence.

pose
v.造成，引起
Nuclear weapons pose a threat to everyone.

V.提出问题，质询
Can we go back to the question that Helena posed earlier?


**take advantage of**
v.利用
I thought I'd **take advantage of** the sports facilities while I'm here.

**4.** Hobbies **fulfill** the **roll** of organizing our leisure time in a creative way.

**Fulfill**
***V.实现，履行***
A school fails if it does not **fulfil** the needs/requirements of its pupils.

V.使...... 满意，满足
I've finally found a job in which I can fulfil myself (= completely develop my abilities and interests).

**5.** A more **rational analysis** of the couch potato's lifestyle reveals potential health problems.


For me, watching television is just a(n)  **diversion**, but some people consider it a full-time activity.

N.绕行路线
Traffic diversions will be kept to a minimum throughout the festival.

N.改变用途
the diversion of money to other projects

N.转移注意力的事物
Shoplifters often work in pairs, with one creating a diversion to distract the staff while the other steals the goods.

Snorkeling and scuba diving are great pastimes, but they also have  **inherent** risks that make them dangerous.

inherent
Adj. 固有的
There are dangers/risks inherent in almost every sport.

When I move to a new house, I think I'll need a(n)  **additional** room for all of my hobbies.

Adj. 外加的
There will be an extra charge for any additional passengers.

John plays team sports in his free time because he appreciates the  **interaction** with other people.

N.交流
There's not enough interaction between the management and the workers.


My current job involves a lot of  **manual** labour, so I'd prefer a clerical job next time.

Any hobby can take over your life if you spend a(n)  **excessive** amount of time doing it.

Adj. 过度的
Excessive exercise can sometimes cause health problems.

I have to write an essay about what I like to do in my  **leisure** time.

N.空闲
Most people only have a limited amount of leisure time.

The  **outlook** for the sports industry looks great; more and more people are trying to stay healthy through sports.

N.前景，展望
The outlook for the economy is bleak.
N.观点，看法
He has a fairly positive outlook on life.
N.风光
From the top of the tower, the outlook over the city was breathtaking.

Most people don't see much  **excitement** in stamp collecting, but I really enjoy it.

N.激动，兴奋，令人兴奋的事情
Robin's heart was pounding with excitement.


My friends all think magic is a(n)  **peculiar** hobby, but I find it interesting and it makes me happy.
Adj. 奇怪的
She has the most peculiar ideas.
Adj. 独特的，特有的
He gets on with things in his own peculiar way/manner/fashion.

For me, watching television is just a(n)  **diversion**, but some people consider it a full-time activity.

Diversion
N.绕行路线
N.改变用途
N.分心的事物


Snorkeling and scuba diving are great pastimes, but they also have  **inherent** risks that make them dangerous.

Adj. 固有的，天生的

When I move to a new house, I think I'll need a(n)  **additional** room for all of my hobbies.

Adj. 额外的

John plays team sports in his free time because he appreciates the  **interaction** with other people.

n.交流

My current job involves a lot of  **manual** labour, so I'd prefer a clerical job next time.

Adj. 人力的

Any hobby can take over your life if you spend a(n)  **excessive** amount of time doing it.

Adj. 过多的

I have to write an essay about what I like to do in my  **leisure** time.

Adj. 休闲的

The  **outlook** for the sports industry looks great; more and more people are trying to stay healthy through sports.

N.前景
N.观点

Most people don't see much  **excitement** in stamp collecting, but I really enjoy it.

N.刺激，兴奋

My friends all think magic is a(n)  **peculiar** hobby, but I find it interesting and it makes me happy.

adj. 奇怪的，古怪的


My little sister has an  **adventurous** spirit—she likes to explore everyplace she goes.

  A. advisable
Adj. 明智的，可取的，适当的
	It's advisable to book seats at least a week in advance.

  B. adventurous
 adj. 喜欢冒险的，大胆创新的
 

  C. advanced
 Adj. 先进的

  D. advantageous
 Adj. 有利的，有优势的
 advantageous interest rates



**12)**

Clive would often get into trouble because he **badly** expressed his thoughts and opinions.

  A. badly
  Adv. 严重的
  She was badly affected by the events in her childhood.
  adv. 坏的
  The event was really badly organized.

  B. perfectly
  Adv. 完美的
  The jacket fits perfectly, the skirt not so well.

  C. frantically
Adv. 紧张忙乱地
	I've been working frantically all week to get it finished on time.
Adv. 发狂似的，情绪失控的
	As the helicopter flew overhead, they waved frantically, trying to attract its attention.


  D. swiftly
  Adv. 快速的


**13)**

For many people, learning to speak Chinese is a **futile** effort because it is so difficult.

  A. peculiar
  adj. 奇怪的
  She has the most peculiar ideas.

  B. futile
  Adj. 徒劳的，无用的
  Attempts to get supplies to the region are futile because troops will not allow the aid convoy to enter the city.

  C. worthwhile
  Adj. 值得的，值得花钱的
  She considers teaching a worthwhile career.

  D. rewarding
  Adj. 值得做的，有意义的
  Textbook writing can be an intellectually and financially rewarding activity.


**14)**

The **removal** of the large tree from our backyard freed up space where we could play football.

  A. revival
	N.复苏，复兴
	N.重演
	N.宗教觉醒期
  B. revelation
	N.暴露，被揭示的真相
	**come as/be a revelation**
	让人大开眼界
	
  C. recovery
	N.恢复健康
	Mira made a full recovery from the operation.
	N.再获成功，恢复正常
	At last the economy is showing signs of recovery.
	N.找回，寻回
	The police arranged the recovery of the body from the river.
  
  D. removal
  N.移除，拿开
  furniture removal
  N.免职，开除
  There have been calls for the president's removal.
  N.搬家
  Does your firm do removals?
  

∨ 展开答案

**15)**

Don't **insult** me! Of course I know how to play chess!

  A. injure
	V.伤害
  B. laugh
	  V.大笑
  C. insult
	  N.辱骂
	  She made several insults about my appearance.
  D. abuse
	  V.滥用，妄用
	  She is continually abusing her position/authority by getting other people to do things for her.
	  V.虐待
	  Several of the children had been sexually/physically/emotionally abused.
	  V.毁谤，诋毁
	  The crowd started abusing him after he failed to save a goal.



**16)**

Enjoyable activities such as painting, photography, and light exercise help older people maintain a **grip** on the real world.

  A. grip
	  V.紧握，抓紧
	  The baby gripped my finger with her tiny hand.

  B. post
	  N.邮件
	  My secretary usually opens my post, unless it's marked "private".
	  N.邮政
	  My letter must have got lost in the post.
	  N.职务
	  She's held the post for 13 years.
	  N.柱子，杆
	  N.岗位，哨所
	  The soldier was disciplined for deserting his post.
	  N.帖子
	  Lots of people have commented on my post.
	  V.邮寄，寄
	  I must post that parcel (off) or she won't get it in time for her birthday.

  C. position
		N.位置，方位，地点
		Well, I've found our position on the map if you want to see where we are.
		N.阵地
		The troops took up their battle positions at the front line.
		N.处境
		My financial position is somewhat precarious at the moment.
		N.地位
		Whether or not you're given a car depends on your position in the company.
		N.职位

  D. power

∨ 展开答案

**17)**

Lack of water causes failures in economic development and **aggravates** poverty.

  A. approves
	  V.同意，赞成，称许
	  She doesn't approve of my friends.

  B. appreciates
	  V.欣赏，重视，赏识
	  There's no point buying him expensive wines - he doesn't appreciate them.
	  V.理解，领会，意识到
	   We appreciate the need for immediate action.
	  V.涨价
		  The value of our house has appreciated by 50 percent in the last two years.
		
		

  C. applies
	  V.申请
	  By the time I saw the job advertised it was already too late to apply.
	  V.适用
	  Those were old regulations - they don't apply any more.
	  V.使用，运用
	  He wants a job in which he can apply his foreign languages.
	  

  D. aggravates
  V.加剧，使更严重
  V.恶化，加重
  V.激怒


**18)**

Some games, like chess, have an **extensive** set of rules, while others are relatively simple.

  A. exact
  Adj. 精确的，正确的
  The exact distance is 1.838 metres.
  V.勒索
  The blackmailers exacted a total of $100,000 from their victims.

  B. extensive
  Adj. 大面积的，覆盖范围广的

  C. expensive
  Adj. 昂贵的，价格高的
  Big houses are expensive to maintain.

  D. excellent
  Adj. 卓越的，优秀的，杰出的
  The food was excellent.



**19)**

Many young people practically live in the **virtual** world of video games.

  A. false
Adj. 假的，人工的
Modern office buildings have false floors, under which computer and phone wires can be laid.
  B. true
 Adj. 真的
 Is it true that Mariana and Mark are getting married?

  C. virtual
  Adj. 实际上的，几乎...... 的
  Ten years of incompetent government had brought about the virtual collapse of the country's economy.

  D. genuine
  Adj. 真正的，非伪造的；名副其实的
  If it is a genuine Michelangelo drawing, it will sell for millions.
  Adj. 真诚的，诚实的，真心的
  Machiko looked at me with genuine surprise - "Are you really going?" she said.


**20)**

Dewberry was more responsible for his injuries than the storeowner and therefore should receive no **compensation**.

  A. gratification
  N.满足，满意
  Some people expect instant gratification

  B. compensation
  N.赔偿金，补偿金
  She received £40,000 in compensation for a lost eye.
  N.补偿物
  I have to spend three months of the year away from home - but there are compensations like the chance to meet new people.
  N.报酬
  Annual compensation for our executives includes salary and bonus under our incentive plan.

  C. excitement

  D. leisure

**21)**

Please **sit down** and watch this short film before the meeting.

V.坐下

**22)**

Stephen has **taken an interest in** poetry, so I bought him a book of famous poems.

V.理解，领会
I had to read the letter twice before I could take it all in.
V.包括
The new town takes in three former villages.
N.收入
The show took in an astonishing $100,000 in its first week.
V.参观
I thought we could get something to eat and then take in a movie.
V.挣钱
She supported her family by taking in laundry.
V.改小
I'll have to take this dress in at the waist - it's too big.

**23)**

When she got older, Sally **took up** photography as a full-time hobby.

V.占用
This desk takes up too much room.
V.从事
He's taken up the position of supervisor.
V.讨论，处理
The school took the matter up with the police.
V.继续
Patti took up (= continued) the story where Sue had left off.



**24)**

Once I **catch hold of** an idea, I have to follow through until it's complete.

V.抓住
He took hold of one end of the carpet and tugged.

**25)**

Not many paintings **are worthy of** the word "masterpiece", but the Louvre Museum in Paris is full of paintings that are!

值得尊敬的
He is unlikely to succeed in getting his bill through Congress, however worthy it is.


**26)**

**As for** the younger generation, I think they're more interested in video games than books.

Prep.至于


**27)**

A painter must have every color of paint**at hand** at all times.

临近，在附近
We want to ensure that help is at hand (= easily available) for all children suffering abuse.

**28)**

After reading that book, Charlie found it difficult to **move on** and read more about the same subject.

V.搬家，迁移
I've lived in this town long enough - it's time to move on.
V.开始新活动
I'd done the same job for years and felt it was time to move on.
V.接受现实
Since he and his girlfriend broke up, he's been finding it difficult to move on.

**29)**

When the weekend comes around, I'm usually so tired **out from the week** that I just want to sleep.



**30)**

She just **got back from** school, so she hasn't had time to finish her homework yet.k yet.

