单词
stimulating
Adj. 刺激人的
- _She found her new job challenging and stimulating._

dissident
N.持不同政见的
- _The government has promised to release some dissidents._
Adj. 持不同政见的
- _a group of dissident writers_

indie
Adj. 独立制作的
indie films and music are produced and sold by small independent companies

apathetic
Adj. 冷漠的，漠然地，无动于衷的
- _Most of the passers-by are apathetic to beggars on the street._

heady
Adj. 让人忘乎所以地
- _He missed the heady freedom of the late 1960s._

umbilically
adj. 关系密切的
- _She is umbilically attached to her extended family._

bliss
N.无上幸福
- _Ignorance is bliss but this case is an exception._






# Exercise 1：
**1.** There were *fights* between police and protestors outside the US Embassy.

Answer: clashes n.打斗

**2.** The two parties formed a(n) *political arrangement to work together* to respond to the problem.

Answer: **alliance** 
***n.结盟***
NATO is sometimes called the Atlantic **Alliance**.

**arrangement** 
***N.安排***
They'd made all the **arrangements** for the party.
***N.约定***
You can only withdraw money from this account by (prior) **arrangement** with the bank.
***N.排列***
There was a striking **arrangement** of dried flowers on the table.
***N.改编曲***
This new **arrangement** of the piece is for saxophone and piano.



**3.** I've always considered myself as *someone who is tolerant of other people's ideas*.I've always considered myself as a(n) ___.

Answer: **liberal**
***adj. 自由开放的***
Her parents were far more **liberal** than mine.
***Adj. 自由的***
Her parents were far more **liberal** than mine.
***Adj. 慷慨的***
He was very **liberal** with the wine.
***N.自由主义者***
He's a good old-fashioned **liberal**.


**4.** The *chief official* of an American state has a lot of power.
Answer: governor

**Chief**
***Adj. 首要的***
The **chief** problem we have in the area now is the spread of disease.
***Adj. 最高级的***
the **chief** fire officer/accountant
***N.领导人***
A new **chief** of the security forces has just been appointed.




**5.** The *financial situation* of Western European countries rapidly improved in the 1960s.

Answer: economy

**6.** The 1960s were *associated with* a new type of popular music.
**associated with**
***与.... 交往***
I don't want my children **associating with** drug addicts and alcoholics.

Answer: **characterized by**



**7.** For many people, listening to their music was a(n) *experience which made them feel free*.

Answer: liberating experience

**liberating**
***adJ. 令人感到自由的***
Taking all your clothes off can be a very **liberating** experience.



# Exercise 2
**1**.Financial insecurity in the 21st century **gave rise to** a generation of students who are much more serious.

**Give rise to**
***V.导致***


International support has **given rise to** a new optimism in the company.

**2.** Encouraging young people to go to college allows the government to **keep** them **off** the list of the unemployed.

**Keep off**
***V.不提，避开***
If you **keep off** a particular subject, you avoid talking about it.


**3.** In 1974 the resignation of US President Nixon was **brought about** by his illegal attempts to ensure re-election.

**brought about**
***V.导致***
He **brought about** his company's collapse by his reckless spending.


**4.** Many students today are even too apathetic to bother to **drop out** of college.

**drop out**
***V.终止***
He **dropped out** of the race after two laps.

**5.** It's impossible for young people to **set up** a home on their own because apartments and houses are too expensive.

**set up**
***N.建立***
When I started my new job, it took me a while to get used to the **set-up**.


**6.** In 1968 the French government was **brought to its knees**
 by a general strike of workers and students.

**Bring sb/sth to one's knees**
***V.摧毁***
The strikes had **brought the economy to its knees**.


# Excercise 3
**1)** The former rivals decided to create a(n) **alliance** when they realized they shared a common threat.

**Alliance**
***N.联盟***

**2)** The streets around the courthouse were all closed down because of the  **demonstration** against the ruling.

**demonstration**
***N.演示示范***
She told us how easy it was to use the software, then by way of **demonstration** produced a beautiful graph with a few clicks of the mouse.


**3)** Sandra was explaining how her daughter was beginning to  **rebel** against her rules and authority.

**Rebel**
***N.反抗者***
The **rebels** took over the capital and set up a new government.


**4)** The government has passed many laws that intended to make us safer, but a(n)  **cynic** would probably suggest that we're just as vulnerable as before.

**Cynic**
***N.愤世嫉俗的人***
I'm too much of a **cynic** to believe that he'll keep his promise.


**5)** The  **governor** of California held a press conference to announce his candidacy for the US Senate.

**Governor**
***N.统治者***
a prison/school **governor**

**6)** I found the Prime Minister's speech to be very  **inspirational**; it made me feel hopeful and patriotic.

**Inspirational**
***Adj. 鼓舞人心的***
He gave an **inspirational** reading of his own poems.

**7)** At this point, Jim has no  **prospects** of landing a job anytime soon; he just can't find a job for someone with a history degree.

**Prospects**
***n.可能性***
There seems little **prospect** of an end to the dispute.
***N.前景***
The **prospect** of spending three whole days with her fills me with horror.
***n.有前途的候选人***
We'll be interviewing four more **prospects** for the jobs this afternoon.

**8)** P&G plans to  **launch** a campaign which aims at promoting its sales by 10%.

**Launch**
***N.启动仪式***
How much champagne will we need for the **launch**?

**9)** My children are growing up today in the Internet  **era** —a time when all the knowledge of the world is only a few clicks away.

**Era**
***N.年代***
hey had worked for peace during the long **era** of conflict.

**10)** The September 11 terrorist attack in the United States caused more  **destruction** than many people thought possible.

**Destruction**
***N.毁灭***
Many people are very concerned about the **destruction** of the rainforests.



**11)** During the 1960s, many young people chose to  **protest** their country's involvement in the Vietnam War.

**Protest**
***N.反对***
Protests have been made/registered by many people who would be affected by the **proposed** changes.

The collapsed housing industry in America ultimately had severe consequences for the entire  **economy**.


**12)** Pedro asked me to sign the  **petition** in favor of the proposed law.

**Petition**
***N.请愿书***
I signed a **petition** against the proposed closure of the local hospital today.

**13)** Traveling through Mexico was a wonderful  **opportunity** to practice Spanish, which I spent so many years studying.

**Opportinity**
***N.机遇***
Everyone will have an **opportunity** to comment.
***N.就业机会***
There are some great **opportunities** now for engineers trained in computer-aided design.

**14)** She chose to major in business at college because she thought it would increase her chances of well-paid  **employment** after graduation.
**Employment**
***N.受雇***
**Employment** levels are unlikely to rise significantly before the end of next year.
***n.使用***
How can you justify the **employment** of capital punishment?

**15)** This artist must be fairly  **obscure**; I've never heard of her and I'm an art major!

**Obscure**
***n.无名的***
an **obscure** island in the Pacific

**16)** Mike explained that it was his personal  **pholosophy** that governments should never interfere with other countries' internal problems.

**Pholosophy**
***N.哲学***
René Descartes is regarded as the founder of modern **philosophy**.

**17)** All the banks in the city  **assert** that no more loans are available to small business.

**Assert**
***v.坚定立场***
I really must **assert** myself more in meetings.
***v.断言***
He **asserts** that she stole money from him.
***v.主张，维护***
Throughout the Cold War, the Allies **asserted** their right to move freely between the two Berlins.

**18)** Subjects like physics and chemistry can cause considerable  **frustration** for students who aren't good at mathematics.

**Frustration**
***N.沮丧***
This job has more than its fair share of **frustrations**.

**19)** To an economist, there is a huge difference between a(n)  **industrial** society and an agricultural one.

**Industrial**
***adj. 工业的***
He has an **industrial** background
***n.工业公司***
**Industrials** were up 1.2 percent at the close of trading.




The students **took  to** the streets in protest and got a lot of media attention.


It's difficult to know exactly what the candidates **stand for** because they speak in such general terms.


It wasn't until I moved to college that I realized how much I **relied on** my parents.



That film about the plight of polar bears really made me **sit up** and pay attention to climate change.


Greg wanted to go jogging **in spite of** the fact that there was a strong thunderstorm.


I would never **be associated with** an organization that was cruel to animals.



The news story was about people who protested because they had been **kept off** the list of eligible voters.



Barbara decided not to **drop out** of college even though she was pregnant.


Do you really think a group of students can **bring about** change to the government?


President Kennedy hoped that the embargo would **bring** the Cuban government **to its knees**.
