## 单词
reminiscent
Adj. 追忆往事的
- _sights and smells reminiscent of childhood_

newcomer
N.新手
- _Paul is the only newcomer in this experienced team._

whack
V.重击，敲打
- _He whacked his little sister on the head with a spoon._

cranium
N.头颅

soar
V.猛增
- _Unemployment has soared._


sprint
V.冲刺，短跑
- _Henry sprinted to the car._

writhe
V.翻滚
- _He writhed in agony on the ground._

phony
Adj. 假冒的

Baloney
N.鬼话

reprimand
V.训斥
- _As a reprimand for his inappropriate behaviour, he was given a yellow card._

offside
adj. 越位


deem
V.认为
- _These buildings are deemed to be of architectural importance and must be protected._

hopped-up
Adj. 兴奋的
- _The hopped-up fans shouted at the footballers._


infraction
N.违规
- _He was fined for committing minor infractions._





# Excercise 1
Collide
V.碰撞

Mournful
Adj. 忧伤的，悲痛的

Suspense
N.担心，悬念

Accidentally
adv. 偶然的

Random
Adj. 任意的，胡乱的

Peel off
V..离队


Periodically
Adj. 周期性的

Perplexed
Adj. 使困惑


Hopped-up
Adj. 兴奋的

Strain
N.压力
N.损伤
n.紧张
N.品质

Stretch
N.伸出
N.伸展
V.展开
V.到限度
V.拉长
V.延续

Clue
N.线索

Punch
N.一拳
N.感染力
N.打孔器

Flock
N.羊群、人群、鸟群
N.一群人
N.软填料
v.聚集

After playing football all afternoon, Philip felt complete and total  **exhaustion**.

N.精疲力竭


"When you get the ball," the coach declared, "your  **priority** is to score a goal!"

N.优先考虑的事

She asked the doctor to  **massage** her right foot, which was bruised and aching.

V.按摩
v.虚报

The physical and emotional  **strain** of training for a marathon can be too much for any athlete.



Kevin was embarrassed because his team placed last in the  **tournament**.

Many runners describe an amazing  **inner** peace that comes with long hours running alone and in silence.

Mike Tyson was a very famous boxer because he could often knock out his opponent with only one **punch**.

Stadiums filled with thousands of screaming fans are a perfect  **illustration** of why I want to be a football superstar.

If you want to be rich and famous, you might want to consider becoming a(n)  **professional** athlete.

He said the team could have lasted another 15 days before  **fatigue** would have begun to take a toll.

Boxing is a sport that doesn't seem to have much   **strategy**; two guys just hit each other until one falls down.

The tournament was filled with incredible  **suspense** once the favourite team was knocked out of competition.

I enjoy watching rugby but I don't understand the rules and have no  **clue** what's happening.

She let out a low  **moan** of anguish.

Rules should be very straightforward; there should be no room for  **interpretation**.

Sheila eats an energy bar every afternoon to give her an extra  **boost** to help her get through the day.

Popular NBA players are often greeted on the court with a(n)  **chorus** of cheers and applause.

N.副歌

N.合唱曲

n.异口同声

Golf is a sport that focuses on technical  **precision** rather than physical ability.

N.准确性

n.认真、严谨

To many people unfamiliar with the game, baseball is a complete  **mystery**.



Police believe that the same man is  **responsible** for three other murders in the area.



The baseball player wants to play for a different team, but he decided to wait and **hold out** for a better offer.

V.抵抗


**22)**

I once met Michael Jordan, **by chance**, in a hotel lobby.

N.偶然，碰巧

**23)**

At the Olympics, we were lost in **a sea of spectators** trying to watch the event.



**24)**

Patty decided to do the right thing and **blow** **the whistle** **on** the students who were cheating.

v.叫停

**25)**

About halfway through the race, my adrenaline **took over** and helped me keep going.

V.接管、收购


**26)**

He was so sweaty after the game that he literally had to **peel off** his shirt.

V.离队

**27)**

You've got to **bear in mind** that he's been training for three years for this moment.

v.记住

**28)**

The basketball player had to **shut out** all the surrounding lights and noise if he wanted to win the game.

V.不让得分

**29)**

Nina, as Richard's coach and trainer, **took the credit** **for** his victory.

V.获取荣誉

**30)**

Even though she's twice my age, I find it difficult to **keep up with** her.

V.跟上，保持联系，了解