**黑色加重代表重点词**
*单个绿色表示生词*
***蓝色表示重点句子***

# Article
Last month, in an interview about Warner Bros. Discovery’s $50 million streaming profit in the first quarter of 2023, the company’s chief executive, David Zaslav, told CNBC that he believed the Writers Guild of America **strike** would ultimately end because of “a love for the business and a love for working.”

Stike
V.罢工
Democratization has brought workers the right to strike and join a trade union.
V.突然袭击
I have a life insurance policy that will take care of my family if disaster strikes.
V.击打
Her car went out of control and struck an oncoming vehicle.
V.删除
Please strike my name from your mailing list immediately.
V.发现
Do you think the government should try to strike a deal with the terrorists?
V.给人以...... 感觉
Doesn't it strike you as odd that he never talks about his family?
V.突然意识到
Sitting at her desk, she was struck by the thought that there had to be something more to life.
N.罢工
They had to play three games with replacement players after the NFL Players Association called a strike.
N.击打
Lightning conductors protect buildings and tall structures from lightning strikes.
N.军事袭击
The violence is unlikely to stop without military strikes against terrorist bases.



As the sixth week of the strike begins, the writers’ **persistence** **reveals** a sharper truth: Love, unfortunately, doesn’t pay the bills.

persistence
N.坚持不懈
Most financial analysts have been surprised by the persistence of the recession.

The **implication** that love is a suitable **stand-in** for job security, workplace protections or fair pay is a commonly held belief, especially in so-called dream jobs like writing, cooking and working in the arts, where the privilege to do the work is seen as a form of compensation itself.

implication
N.暗含
From what she said, the implication was that they were splitting up.

stand-in
N.顶替者
The lecturer didn't turn up, so we had to find a stand-in.


But the **rhetoric** that a job is a passion or a “labor of love” **obfuscates** the reality that a job is an economic contract. The assumption that it isn’t sets up the conditions for exploitation.

Rhetoric
N.雄辩言辞
How far the president will be able to translate his campaign rhetoric into action remains to be seen.

obfuscate
V.故意模糊
She was criticized for using arguments that obfuscated the main issue.


Indeed, creative, mission-driven and prestigious jobs often take advantage of employees’ love for what they do. According to one 2020 study, employers see poor treatment of workers — such as expecting overtime work without pay or asking people to do demeaning tasks that aren’t part of their job descriptions — as more acceptable if the workers are thought to be passionate about what they do. This stems from bosses’ **tacit** assumptions that their employees would do the work even if they weren’t paid.

Tacit
Adj. 默认的


That seems to be the message some W.G.A. members have gotten. “Writing is a noble vocation,” says Charles Rogers, a writer and showrunner who is on strike in Los Angeles. “But the industry is set up to make writers feel like they should be grateful just to be here.” Employers then rely on employees’ **indebtedness** and the **proverbial** line of people out the door who would happily take their places to justify paying them less than they deserve.

Indebtedness
N.欠债额
Household indebtedness is at a record level.

Proverbial
Adj.谚语的
The players pointed the proverbial finger at themselves as the ones needing to improve.




The idea that employees work for something other than money is also pervasive in industries that are **geared** toward helping people, such as education. “Teaching is a calling,” tweeted Mayor Eric Adams of New York City a few weeks ago. “You don’t do it for the money, you do it because you believe in the kids that come into your classrooms.”

Geared
V.准备好
Politicians are already gearing up for the election.

That may sound like reverence, but the New York City teachers’ union contract expired last September, and Mr. Adams has resisted pay increases that keep up with inflation. Teachers need better compensation, not **platitudes** celebrating teacher appreciation week.

Platitudes
N.陈词滥调
He doesn't mouth platitudes about it not mattering who scores as long as the team wins.

In a 2018 paper, Fobazi Ettarh, who at the time was a **librarian**, coined a term for how the perceived **righteousness** of her industry obscured the issues that existed within it. Ms. Ettarh called the phenomenon **vocational** awe, which she defined as the belief that as a workplace, libraries were inherently good, and therefore supposedly beyond critique. When a workplace is seen as virtuous, she claimed, it’s easier for workers to be exploited. “In the face of grand missions of literacy and freedom, advocating for your full lunch break feels petty,” she wrote.

Librarian
N.图书管理员

righteousness
N.正当
She is completely convinced of her own righteousness.

Vocational
Adj. 职业的
The Swedes regard vocational training as a part of a youngster's education.


Ms. Ettarh had known she wanted to become a librarian since she was a teenager. When she was studying for her library science degree, her professors loved to **wax** **poetic** about how becoming a librarian is a calling and libraries serve as the last truly democratic institution.

wax
N.蜡
She watched the wax as it dripped down the side of the candle.
V.上蜡
I've waxed the floor so it's rather slippery.
V.热情洋溢地说
My mother always used to wax lyrical about the lemon trees in her family's garden.


But from the other side of the reference desk, she saw how the industry’s ideals concealed its low pay. In her first position out of grad school, Ms. Ettarh was told by her supervisor, “No one becomes a librarian to make a living wage.” (She was making $48,000 at the time.) She eventually left the industry.

During the pandemic, vocational awe was on full display from educators who were told that they were doing God’s work but also to make do with what they had to health care professionals who were deemed essential yet often not given compensation or protection **commensurate** with the severity of their work. The perceived **righteousness** of honorable industries **covered up** poor conditions like frosting on a burned cake.

commensurate
Adj. 相当的
a salary that is commensurate with skills and experience

righteousness
N.正当
She is completely convinced of her own righteousness.

Covered up
N.掩盖
Allegations of a cover-up of the effects of pollution have been strongly denied.


While vocational awe is common in do-gooder professions, it can exist in any field that relies on the strength of its brand to distract from the reality of workers’ experiences. Take **zookeeping**, a profession where the average pay is $16.51 per hour, according to Indeed. **Zookeeping** is romanticized — you get to spend time with animals! — but also characterized by long hours, hard labor and cleaning up feces.



In a study, the organizational behavior researchers Jeffery A. Thompson and J. Stuart Bunderson found that following the calling to be a zookeeper led to **trade-offs**. “Fostering a sense of **occupational** identification, **transcendent** meaning and occupational importance on the one hand,” they wrote, offset “**unbending** duty, personal sacrifice and heightened **vigilance** on the other.” The researchers concluded that low pay, unfavorable benefits and poor working conditions are often the sacrifices workers make for the privilege of doing what they love.

occupational
Adj. 职业的
Back problems are an occupational hazard (= a risk that you take in a job) for any desk-bound office worker.

Transcendent
Adj. 杰出的、超越的
He describes seeing Pelé play football as one of the transcendent moments of his life.

unbend
V.放松
I'd hoped that after a glass or two of wine she might unbend a little.

Vigilance
N、警觉，警惕
The police said that it was thanks to the vigilance of a neighbour that the fire was discovered before it could spread.

This sense of duty and personal sacrifice can **conflate** workers’ output and their self-worth, as I **chronicle** in my new book, but it can also have a chilling effect on their willingness to surface wrongdoing. When you’re in a great job — one that you feel lucky to have — the fear of losing it can make it harder to speak up.

Conflate
V.混合
She conflated the three plays to produce a fresh new work.

Chronicle
N.大事记
a chronicle of the French Revolution

But thankfully, workers are recognizing their collective strength. Employees at workplaces across the country have organized and are fighting for better conditions.

In Hollywood, it’s the screenwriters demanding more job security and a better cut of **residuals**. In Ann Arbor, Mich., graduate students at the University of Michigan are also on strike, demanding a raise in minimum **annual** salaries from about $24,000 to $38,500. In Oregon, nurses are calling for staffing increases to better serve patients.

Residuals
N.残留物
Several partial solutions were carried out and the residuals were inspected in all cases

Annual
adj. 一年一次的
How much is the annual ground rent?

And they have a lot of support. Seventy-one percent of Americans approve of labor unions, according to a Gallup poll from last year, which is their highest recorded approval rate in the United States since 1965.

As Ms. Ettarh told me, “Workers are seeing that unless they work together to fight back, institutions will grind them to dust.” For starters, employers can recognize that we work for more than love.




# Useful Words


# Useful Sentence
