**黑色加重代表重点词**
*单个绿色表示生词*
***蓝色表示重点句子***

# Article
A netizen made a post suggesting a more scientific and **unified** index for spiciness in hot pot.  

**Unified**
***Adj. 统一的***
We have to be able to speak with a **unified** voice on this subject.




The Sichuan Hot Pot Association responded that the suggestion was good and they are preparing a plan.  


Yan Long, the president of the association, stated that the spiciness of hot pot can indeed be measured using professional measuring tools.  
 
  
Currently, the association is researching a standardized grading system for the spiciness of hot pot **seasoning**, including chili peppers,  

Adj. 佐料、调味品
Taste the soup and adjust the seasoning, adding more salt or pepper as desired.

using a "degree" system to represent the level of spiciness, allowing consumers to choose a **broth** base more accurately.  
。  

broth
N.肉汤
chicken/turkey/beef broth
  
Eating spicy food can produce a variety of physiological reactions, like a tingling in the tongue and lips, as well as sweating, said David Julius,  
 
**Tingling**
V.感到刺痛
My fingers and toes are **tingling** with the cold.

a physiologist at the University of California, San Francisco.  
  
  
"We all enjoy **sensory** experiences; spicy foods make life more interesting," he said.  

**Sensory**
***Adj. 感官的***
Other contributing factors may include decline in **sensory** input (hearing and visual acuity), working memory and executive function.
  
But not all of the potential responses are welcome, even for those who enjoy the taste.  

  
Spicy food lovers are likely to be familiar with one immediate physical reaction — sweating.  

  
That's because some of the spiciest foods contain compounds that bind to nerve receptors along the **gastrointestinal tract**, including the mouth,  

**gastrointestinal track**
N.肠胃道

  
that are activated by heat.  


Chiles, the flavorful backbone of many spicy dishes, contain the compound capsaicin,  

**capsaicin**
N.辣椒素
Although they are structurally similar to **capsaicin**, the substance that causes pungency in hot peppers, they largely lack that characteristic.
  
which binds to those receptors when eaten and then sends a pain signal to the brain,  


  
as Dr Julius discovered in his Nobel Prize-winning work on the topic.  

  
The main chemicals found in **peppercorns**, horse **radishes** and mustard also bind to the same receptors, albeit less potently.  

**peppercorns**
N.胡椒粒
Radish
N.小罗卜


There are long-term leases, annual leases and no leases at all, but simply informal arrangements, with rents which range from "peppercorn" to near-commercial.



These nerves send similar signals to the brain as they would if you came into contact with actual fire,  
  
  
which is why you might start sweating or become flushed; that's the body's way of cooling itself down.  
 
  
It can also cause gastrointestinal distress.  
  
  
Eating spicy food in moderation is generally safe for people who don't already have stomach issues.  

  
However, it can cause inflammation to the areas that aid digestion and can sometimes lead to heartburn, stomachaches or **diarrhea**.  

**diarrhea**
N.腹泻
diarrhoea and sickness
  
People with gastritis, which occurs when the lining of the stomach is inflamed, may be especially susceptible to increased abdominal pain.  


  
However, spiciness may benefit health, though more research is needed.  




# Useful Words


# Useful Sentence
